Add the OpenAI Compatible plugin page (#858)
music-assistant/music-assistant.io: src/content/docs/plugins/openai_compatible.md

Some Music Assistant features are powered by an AI model: **AI Radio**, the **Trivia** quiz type, the AI answer suggestions in **Music Quiz**, and the AI-written descriptions for **Smart Playlists**.

Until now those features needed Home Assistant, because its AI Task integration was the only thing that could answer them. This plugin lets Music Assistant talk to an AI service directly, so the features also work without Home Assistant.

It works with any service that speaks the OpenAI API, which is nearly all of them:

- Hosted services such as **OpenAI**, **Groq**, **OpenRouter** and **Together AI**
- AI servers you run yourself, such as **Ollama**, **LM Studio**, **llama.cpp** and **vLLM**

:::caution[Beta]
This plugin is currently marked as **beta**. It works, but it has not been tested against every service yet.
:::

## Features

- One plugin for every service that speaks the OpenAI API, hosted or self-hosted
- Each model you select becomes a separate choice in the AI features, so a small, cheap model can handle simple jobs while a stronger one is used where it matters
- Multiple instances, so a local server and a hosted service can be used side by side

## Installation

> Add the plugin in **Settings → Providers → Add Provider → Plugins** and pick **OpenAI Compatible**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the plugin in **Settings → Plugins → Add a Plugin** and pick **OpenAI Compatible**.
```

### Choose a service

Pick your service from the list and its address is filled in for you. Choose **Something else** if your service is not listed.

### Connection details

- **API base URL** — the address of the service, including the version path, for example `https://api.openai.com/v1`. Change this if the service does not run where it normally would, for example when Ollama runs on a different machine than Music Assistant, or when Music Assistant runs in a container and cannot reach `localhost`.
- **API key** — the key from your service. Leave it empty for a local server that does not ask for one.

Music Assistant checks the address and key before finishing, so a typo is caught here rather than later.

### Choose your models

> The plugin does not offer any models until you pick them. Open the plugin under **Settings → Providers**, and select the models you want under **Models**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin does not offer any models until you pick them. Open the plugin under **Settings → Plugins**, and select the models you want under **Models**.
```
